Compulsory task 1

Visualisation A Heat Map:
		Heat maps graphically display data through colour variations. They are best used to depict multivariate data by showing variance 
		between multiple variables in a tabular format, revealing patterns in the data. They also can be applied to categorical data in a 
		colour-coded form, and discrete data in a blended colour scale (Data Viz Catalogue, 2021). 

Visualisation B Gantt Charts:
		Gantt charts are a type of chart that depicts or visualizes project milestones, activities, and/or schedule over duration of time. These assist scrum
		masters and project managers better estimate, plan, allocate and manage project resources. Best used for discrete and/or categorical data
		for the reasons specified above (Data Viz Catalogue, 2021).  

Visualisation C Stem and Leaf Plot:
		Stem and leaf plots classify either discrete or continuous data by showing users a quick snapshot of how the data is distributed.
		Because it used for the two types mentioned above, users can discern outliers and/or the mode of the dataset. But users have to be
		careful about how much data to display because it can compromise the plot (Data Viz Catalogue, 2021).
		
Compulsory Task 2
		
Visualisation A
		1. ) Add a legend to the pie chart and remove the displayed categories and depict them in the legend. 
			 Reason: it is a much cleaner way to display categories, especially if the number of categories increases.
		2. ) Add a chart title so the user understands the context of the data displayed in the pie chart. 
			 Reason: By looking at the chart, the point of the diagram is not clear, i.e. are those number pets
			 that students in a classroom have?
		3. ) Add the portion that each category makes up of the whole dataset. 
			 Reason: while it is useful to see the make-up of each cat. of the whole, the number/percentage
			 gives chart more meaning
			 
Visualisation B
		1. ) Add an additional unit on the y-axis above 12.
		     Reason: bar charts usually show values higher than the highest data value in the dataset on the y-axis
		2. ) Change font colour of the x-axis data points, i.e. days of the week from grey to black.
			 Reason: enhance readability because grey and orange together make it difficult to read.
		3. ) Days of Week is not the chart title. This label should be placed underneath the x-axis. 
			 Reason: it's a label decribing the x-axis and not the chart title.
		Bonus ) Give the chart an appropriate name: i.e. Bags Sold by Day of the Week
				Reason: Better chart title that "Days of Week"
		
		
Visualisation C
		1. ) Each department shown in the legend can be its own bar chart.
			 Reason: It will make it clearer to the user, then, of how exactly each department did in relation to the month (season).
	
		2.) Can use a pie chart to show each department contributuon in a month instead of what is depicted.
			Reason: Pie charts are usually used for compositional/representative datasets.
			
		3.) Add numerical annotations in terms of sales totals for each department.
			Reason: While it is useful to see the compositional make-up of each category for each month,
			numbers would add more meaning to the depicted chart. Can then answer questions like,
			how much more frangrances are we selling in X month compared to Y?